---
layout: homeowners-association
title: FAQ
---

**Where can I find deed restrictions for my property?**

You should receive a copy from your title company upon closing or from the
previous owner.  If not, you can [view it here][44].  We have also included
this document and many others under “[Association/Official Documents][45].”

**Who is responsible for landscaping and snow removal?**

The homeowners association is responsible for all landscaping at the entrances
and common areas (over 19 acres) plus all the pond maintenance (we have 4
ponds).  The Orange Township street department is responsible for all snow
removal or street repairs.

**What is my annual dues money spent on? **

Your annual dues go for things like Landscaping, Mowing and Weeding of all
common areas, Pond maintenance, Water and Electricity on common grounds,
Liability insurance, Taxes on the Common Property, Fencing repair, Light
replacement, etc.  For a complete list see the [budget spreadsheet][46] under
“Association/Official Documents.”

**I want to add a fence, deck or pool, what do I have to do?**

Go to our “[Association/Official Documents][45]” page where you can download
an [application for improvement][47].  This will go to our committee who will
determine if it matches our deed restrictions and approve or disprove the
application.  You must also contact Orange Township and/or Delaware County for
any work permits.  Most decks and fencing require a permit, while most small
patios do not.  Pools require approval from the township and county for safety
issues.  For more information, go to their respective web sites.

**How can I get more information about upcoming events in the neighborhood?** 

Be sure to check our [Events page][48] for upcoming events.  Send us your
email address to [subscribe@villageatalumcreek.org][49] and you will be added
to our “announcement” email list that is sent to the entire neighborhood to
alert you to important meetings and events.

**How many homes are in the Village?**

There are 445 homes in the Village at Alum Creek.  This makes us one of, if
not the largest subdivision in Lewis Center.

**Other questions?**

If you have any other questions you’d like addressed in these pages, please
[send us an email][50] and we’ll get it answered.

   [44]: /uploads/warranty_deed_of_restrictions.pdf
   [45]: /pages/homeowners-association/official-documents.html
   [46]: /pages/homeowners-association/budget.html
   [47]: /uploads/VAC%20improvement%20app.doc
   [48]: /pages/events/index.html
   [49]: mailto:subscribe@villageatalumcreek.org
   [50]: mailto:vachoa@villageatalumcreek.org

